Feat (readme): add the read me file (#18)
NabilSli/Projet3-portfolio: FrontEnd/README.md

> # 😃 BOOKI: Exemple of a professional photographer portfolio website.

Reviewer: Still booki?

> This website is my first JavaScript achievement as a web developer👏. I did it during my boot camp at OpenClassroom's Web developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website is one of my first JavaScript achievements as a web developer👏. I did it during my boot camp at OpenClassroom's Web developer.
```
